rugby in the 1970s. Can you tell me a little bit about where you would usually watch the
games and with who?
Well, still living in London at the time, my husband and I were members of London Wash
Rugby where they played Oldeo Park and we used to go there on a regular basis at home
matches and we used to follow the international matches where we were playing. And it was
with a group of friends that we had great times watching the JPRs and the John Taylors
and the boys in the 70s playing. It was a wonderful period for Wash Rugby.
Does any game stand out?
One game stands out, it was in Scotland when Wales were playing Scotland when John Taylor
scored a try in the last minute of the game giving Wales victory. That to my mind has
always stood out as a special moment. And the other one, going back even further, was
at Cardiff when the, I think it must have been the original stadium was there, which
is going back a long time, where Gareth Edwards scored a try and slid yards into mud to do
so. That is also one of the memories that I have of Great Rugby.
How did you feel watching Wales play and win?
Oh I always enjoy watching that and I have always shouted. I mean when I watch it on
television now you could probably hear me shouting from cricket. I still follow the
Welsh players, yes.
How do you feel watching it on television compared with being there at the match?
Oh there is no comparison really. You don't get that atmosphere that you do. No, it was
wonderful to be there. We used to enjoy it very much. That's in love going there now,
it's probably warmer and more comfortable watching it from here. But the atmosphere
isn't quite the same. Because nobody can hear me shouting.